Adding the JDK version that needs to be installed for the BAT CLI to work (#23)
mulesoft/docs-functional-monitoring: modules/ROOT/pages/bat-install-task.adoc

The Blackbox Automated Testing (BAT) CLI wrapper is a command line wrapper that you install to execute API tests.

== Prerequisite

Before installing the BAT CLI, ensure that AdoptOpenJDK's OpenJDK 8 is installed on your system.

== Procedure

. Run the following command to install the BAT CLI:
+
`curl -o- 'https://s3.amazonaws.com/bat-wrapper/install.sh' | bash`

> . Run the command `bat -version` to find out whether the BAT CLI is installed.

Reviewer: Should we be a little more positive that the previous step worked?
```suggestion
. Run the command `bat -version` to verify that the BAT CLI is installed.
```
